thing:used to refer in an approximate way to an object or to avoid naming it.
thought:the act of thinking about or considering something, an idea or opinion, or a set of ideas about a particular subject.
time:the part of existence that is measured in minutes, days or years, or this process considered as a whole.
touch:to put your hand or another part of your body lightly onto and off something or someone.
trade:the activity of buying and selling or exchanging goods and/or services between people or countries.
kvetchy:Given to or characterized by complaining or criticizing; ill-tempered, irritable.
LOL:To laugh out loud; to be amused.
macaron:A confection consisting of two small, round (usually colourful) biscuits with a meringue-like consistency
MacGyver:To construct, fix, or modify (something) in an improvised or inventive way, typically by making use of whatever items are at hand
mama put:A street vendor, typically a woman, selling cooked food at low prices from a handcart or stall. Also a street stall or roadside restaurant.
mentionitis:A tendency towards repeatedly or habitually mentioning something (esp. the name of a person one is infatuated with), regardless of its relevance to the topic of conversation
A-game:One’s highest level of performance
arr: 123
word:a single unit of language that has meaning and can be spoken or written.
work:an activity, such as a job, that a person uses physical or mental effort to do, usually for money.
writing:a person’s style of writing with a pen on paper that can be recognized as their own.
year:a period of twelve months.
patient zero:Is defined as a person identified as the first to become infected with an illness or disease in an outbreak
pronoid:A person who is convinced of the goodwill of others towards himself or herself
puggle:A young or baby echidna or platypus.
ambigue:An ambiguous statement or expression.
accidial:dial someone's number on phone accidentally
awesomesauce:extremely good; excellent
view:an opinion, belief or idea, or a way of thinking about something; what someone can see in their peripheral vision.
voice:the sounds that are made when people speak or sing.
walk:to move along by putting one foot in front of the other.
war:armed fighting between two or more countries or groups, or a particular example of this.
wash:to clean something using water and usually soap.
waste:an unnecessary or wrong use of things such as money, substances, time, energy or abilities.
water:a clear liquid, without colour or taste, that falls from the sky as rain, and is necessary for animal and plant life.
barista:a person whose job involves preparing and serving different types of coffee
bedunged:has been soiled with or covered in dung; very old or old-fashioned.
bitcoin:an online payment system that does not require an intermediary
bling:jewellery, decoration, or clothing that attracts attention because looks expensive
conlang:an invented language intended for human communication
agender:people do not identify as male or female
shero:A female hero; a heroine.
single-use:Designed to be used once and then disposed of or destroyed
Anglosphere:English-speaking countries considered collectively (the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, and Ireland).
anti-suffragism:Opposition to the extension of the right to vote in political elections to women; the political movement dedicated to this.
assault weapon:A weapon designed for use in a large-scale military assault, esp. one used to attack a fortified or well-defended location.
athleisure:Casual, comfortable clothing or footwear designed to be suitable for both exercise and everyday wear
awesomesauce:Extremely good; excellent.
awfulize:To class as awful or terrible
awfy:Terrible, dreadful; remarkable or notable.
awfy:As simple intensive; very, exceedingly, extremely.
bidie-in:A person who lives with his or her partner in a non-marital relationship; a cohabiting partner.
bigsie:Having an exaggerated sense of one’s own importance; arrogant, pretentious, conceited.
bok:A South African
broigus	Angry:irritated
bukateria:A roadside restaurant or street stall with a seating area, selling cooked food at low prices.
by-catch:A catch of unwanted fish
cab sav:Red wine made from the Cabernet Sauvignon grape
arr:In humorous representations of the speech of pirates expressing approval, triumph, warning, etc.
cancel culture:Call for the withdrawal of support from a public figure, usually in response to an accusation of a socially unacceptable action or comment.
chicken finger:A narrow strip of chicken meat, esp. from the breast, coated in breadcrumbs or batter and deep-fried.
chicken noodle soup:A soup made with chicken and noodles, sometimes popularly regarded as a remedy for all ailments or valued for its restorative properties
chickie:Used as a term of endearment, especially for a child or woman
chipmunky:Resembling or characteristic of a chipmunk, typically with reference to a person having prominent cheeks or a perky, mischievous character.
chuddies:Short trousers, shorts. Now it usually means underwear; underpants.
contact tracing:The practice of identifying and monitoring individuals who may have had contact with an infectious person
contactless:Not involving contact (physical and technological meanings of contactless are being used much more frequently).
coulrophobia:Extreme or irrational fear of clowns
Covid-19:An acute respiratory illness in humans caused by a coronavirus, which is capable of producing severe symptoms and death, esp. in the elderly
deepfake:An image or recording that has been convincingly altered to misrepresent someone as doing or saying something that was not actually done or said
de-extinction:The (proposed or imagined) revival of an extinct species, typically by cloning or selective breeding.
deleter:A person who or thing which deletes something.
delicense:To deprive (a person, business, vehicle, etc.) of a license providing official permission to operate
denialism:The policy or stance of denying the existence or reality of something, esp. something which is supported by the majority of scientific evidence.
denialist:A person who denies the existence or reality of something, esp. something which is supported by the majority of scientific or historical evidence
destigmatizing:The action or process of removing the negative connotation or social stigma associated with something
dof:Stupid, dim-witted; uninformed, clueless.
droning:The action of using a military drone or a similar commercially available device
e-bike:An electric bike
eco-anxiety:A state of stress caused by concern for the earth’s environment
enoughness:The quality or fact of being enough; sufficiency, adequacy.
Epidemic curve:A visual representation in the form of a graph or chart depicting the onset and progression of an outbreak of disease in a particular population
e-waste:Worthless or inferior electronic text or content
fantoosh:Fancy, showy, flashy; stylish, sophisticated; fashionable, exotic. Often used disparagingly, implying ostentation or pretentiousness.
forehead thermometer:A thermometer that is placed on, passed over, or pointed at the forehead to measure a person’s body temperature.
franger:A condom.
smash:to cause something to break noisily into a lot of small pieces.
smell:to have a particular quality that others can notice with their noses.
smile:a happy or friendly expression on the face in which the ends of the mouth curve up slightly, often with lips parted so that teeth can be seen.
smoke:the mixture of gas and very small pieces of carbon that is produced when something burns.
sneeze:when you sneeze, air and often small drops of liquid suddenly come out of your mouth and nose in a way that you cannot control.
snow:the small soft, white pieces of ice that sometimes fall from the sky when it is extremely cold.
hair doughnut:A doughnut-shaped sponge or similar material used as the support for a doughnut bun or similar updo
hench:Of a person having a powerful, muscular physique; fit, strong.
hir:Used as a gender-neutral possessive adjective (his/her/hir watch). In later use often corresponding to the subjective pronoun ze (he/she/ze wears a watch).
hygge:A Danish word for a quality of cosiness that comes from doing simple things such as lighting candles, baking, or spending time at home with your family
influencer:Someone who affects or changes the way that other people behave:
jerkweed:An obnoxious, detestable, or stupid person (esp. a male). Often as a contemptuous form of address.
kvell:Meaning to talk admiringly, enthusiastically, or proudly about something
microtarget:To direct tailored advertisements, political messages, etc., at (people) based on detailed information about them
misgendering:The action or fact of mistaking or misstating a person’s gender, esp. of addressing or referring to a transgender person in terms that do not reflect…
next tomorrow:The day after tomorrow.
skunked:Drunk, intoxicated. In later use also under the influence of marijuana
slow-walk:To delay or prevent the progress of (something) by acting in a deliberately slow manner
social distancing:The action of practice of maintaining a specified physical distance from other people, or of limiting access to and contact between people
stepmonster:Colloquial (humorous) (sometimes derogatory) a stepmother
tag rugby:A non-contact, simplified form of rugby in which the removal of a tag attached to the ball carrier constitutes a tackle
theonomous:Ruled, governed by, or subject to the authority of God
thirstry:Showing a strong desire for attention, approval, or publicity.
title bar:A horizontal bar at the top of a program window, used to display information such as the name of the program in use, the file or web page that is active.
topophilia:Love of, or emotional connection to, a particular place or physical environment
truthiness:A seemingly truthful quality not supported by facts or evidence
UFO:UnFinished Object; In knitting, sewing, quilting, etc. an unfinished piece of work
unfathom:To come to understand (something mysterious, puzzling, or complicated); to solve (a mystery, etc.)
weak sauce:That lacks power, substance, or credibility; pathetic, worthless; stupid.
WFH:An abbreviation for “working from home.”
WIP:Work in progress
Aucklander:A native or inhabitant of city or region of Auckland, New Zealand.
awedde:Overcome with anger, madness, or distress; insane, mentally disturbed.
awe-inspiringly:So impressively, spectacularly, or formidably as to arouse or inspire awe.
zoodle:A spiralised strand of zucchini, sometimes used as a substitute for pasta
oat milk:A milky liquid prepared from oats, used as a drink and in cooking
onboarding:The action or process of integrating a new employee into an organisation, team, etc
puggle:A dog cross-bred from a pug and a beagle; such dogs considered collectively as a breed.
quilling:The action or practice of bribing electors in order to gain their votes, especially by providing free alcohol
rat tamer:Colloquial meaning for a psychologist or psychiatrist
report:An employee accountable to a particular manager
oil:a thick liquid that comes from petroleum, used as a fuel, and for making parts of machines move easily.
opinion:a thought, belief or judgement about someone or something.
order:a request to make, supply or deliver food or goods.
organization:a group of people who work together in an organized way for a shared purpose.
owner:someone who owns something.
salt:a common white substance found in sea water and in the ground, used especially to flavour food or to preserve it.
sand:a substance that consists of very small grains of rock, found on beaches and deserts.
sea:the salty water that covers a large surface of the Earth.
seat:a piece of furniture in a building or vehicle, that has been designed for someone to sit on.
secretary:someone who works in an office, writing letters, making phone calls and arranging meetings.
sadfishing:Colloquial the practice adopted by some people, especially on social media, of exaggerating claims about their emotional problems to generate sympathy
sandboxing:The restriction of a piece of software or code to a specific environment in a computer system in which it can be run securely
schnitty:Colloquial a schnitzel, especially a chicken schnitzel
Segway:A proprietary name for a two-wheeled motorised personal vehicle
self-isolate:To isolate oneself from others deliberately; to undertake self-imposed isolation for a period of time
Aperol:A proprietary name for  an orange-coloured Italian aperitif flavoured with gentian, rhubarb, and a variety of herbs and roots.
April Fool’s:April Fool’s Day (1 April), a day on which tricks or hoaxes are traditionally perpetrated
ar:Used to express a range of emotions or responses, esp. affirmation, assent, or agreement.
bromance:a close but non-sexual relationship between two men.
religion:the belief in, and worship of, a god or gods.
request:the act of politely or officially asking for something.
respect:admiration felt or shown for someone or something that you believe has good ideas or qualities.
rest:to stop doing a particular activity in order to relax and regain your strength.
reward:something given in exchange for good behaviour or good work.
rice:the small seeds of a particular type of grass, cooked and eaten as food.
paste:a think, soft, sticky substance made by crushing or mixing things such as fish, fruit or vegetables for food, or a liquid with powder for glue.